fix: revert required portal version for file chooser dialogs (#44426)
electron/electron: docs/api/dialog.md

})
```

> **Note:** On Linux `defaultPath` may not be supported when using portal file chooser
> dialogs depending on your platform support. You can use `--xdg-portal-required-version`
> [command-line switch](./command-line-switches.md#--xdg-portal-required-versionversion)
> to force gtk or kde dialogs.

Reviewer: Could we be more explicit here, something like:
```suggestion
**Note:** On Linux `defaultPath` is not supported when using portal file chooser
dialogs unless the portal backend is version 4 or higher. You can use `--xdg-portal-required-version`
[command-line switch](./command-line-switches.md#--xdg-portal-required-versionversion)
to force gtk or kde dialogs.
```

The `filters` specifies an array of file types that can be displayed, see
`dialog.showOpenDialog` for an example.

> **Note:** On Linux `defaultPath` is not supported when using portal file chooser

Reviewer 2: `defaultPath` is only unsupported on versions <4 for open dialogs - save dialogs work as expected.

Author: Thanks for catching.

For reference, https://github.com/flatpak/xdg-desktop-portal/issues/796

**Note:** On macOS, using the asynchronous version is recommended to avoid issues when
expanding and collapsing the dialog.

> **Note:** On Linux `defaultPath` is not supported when using portal file chooser

Reviewer 2: `defaultPath` is only unsupported on versions <4 for open dialogs - save dialogs work as expected.
